=head1 NAME

gmail2cisco

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gmail2cisco [OPTIONS] I<INPUT-FILE.CSV> I<OUTPUT-FILE.XML>

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--help>

Show help message.

=item B<--groups>=GROUP1,GROUP2...

Specifies which groups to export (comma-separated). By default, all
contacts containing at least one phone number will be exported.

=item B<--limit>=LIMIT (default: C<100>)

Only the first 100 entries are exported as some Cisco phones crash if
the file contains more entries. This option allows to set a different
limit. If set to 0, no limit applies.

=item B<--translate>=FROM=TO

Add a phone number translation rule. Examples:

=over

=item B<--translate>=C<'^+41=0'> transforms C<+41> at the start of a
number to C<0>.

=item B<--translate>=C<'^+=00'> transformat C<+> to C<00>.

=back

=back

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over

=item I<INPUT-FILE.XML>

Specifies the exported file (in Google CSV format).

=item I<OUTPUT-FILE.XML>

Specifies the XML output file which can then be imported into a Cisco
VoIP phone.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<gmail2cisco> converts exported gmail phone book data to an XML file
suitable for importing into a Cisco SPA 525 VoIP phone.

How to use:

=over

=item 1. Export contacts via the Web interface in Google CSV format.

=item 2. Convert the exported file to an XML file using the
B<gmail2cisco> script.

=item 3. Put the resulting file on a webserver which is reachable by
the Cisco phone.

=item 4. Point C<Profile Rule> in the Cisco phone to the URL of the
converted file. The phone will then periodically download that file
and import the contained entries into its internal phone book.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Oliver Hitz <oliver@net-track.ch>

=head1 LICENSE

Licensed under The MIT License.

